---
title: "About this app"
author: "Yu-Ping Hsu"
date: '2021-03-13'
output: html_document
---
## Input Data 
 
The imported file must be in the CSV format and contain two columns of which one column has column name variable_x with character format and the other column has column name variable_y with numeric format. CSV file for this app must have comma-separated values. Each row in the CSV file corresponds to a single data point. String in the variable_x column indicate group membership and data in variable_y column indicate numeric value for each point. Items in the selectInput are unique elements which are extracted from data in the variable_x. Column, data.annotation, is needed if users want to annotate data points in the plot. 

We recommend that you download IKUB package and use `labelnaming2()`, `bzscore2()`, `bsimilarity2()` or `basymmetry2()` function to generate data for analysis. 

Exemple of imported file:  
"data.annotation","variable_x","variable_y"   
"a01-seg","1 TL hippocampus R",-1.49048056955375   
"a01-seg","2 TL hippocampus L",-1.86388051447205   
"a01-seg","3 TL amygdala R",-0.746603592407885   

Users can install the development version of IKUB from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

```{r, eval=FALSE, warning=FALSE}
devtools::install_github("yupingikub/IKUB", build_vignettes = TRUE, force=TRUE)
```
## Default file 
The auto-loaded file is generated by `bzscore2()` of the IKUB package and exported in CSV format. The generated data includes 30 NIfTI files in Hammers Atlas Database. 

## Copyright 
The author made use of the Hammers Atlas Database, © Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine 2007. All rights reserved. The resource is available from www.brain-development.org [1]–[4]. 

## References

1. A. Hammers et al., “Three-dimensional maximum probability atlas of the human brain, with particular reference to the temporal lobe,” Hum. Brain Mapp., vol. 19, no. 4, pp. 224–247, Aug. 2003, doi: 10.1002/hbm.10123.

2. I. S. Gousias et al., “Automatic segmentation of brain MRIs of 2-year-olds into 83 regions of interest,” NeuroImage, vol. 40, no. 2, pp. 672–684, Apr. 2008, doi: 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2007.11.034.

3. I. Faillenot, R. A. Heckemann, M. Frot, and A. Hammers, “Macroanatomy and 3D probabilistic atlas of the human insula,” NeuroImage, vol. 150, pp. 88–98, Apr. 2017, doi: 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2017.01.073.

4. H. M. Wild, R. A. Heckemann, C. Studholme, and A. Hammers, “Gyri of the human parietal lobe: Volumes, spatial extents, automatic labelling, and probabilistic atlases,” PLOS ONE, vol. 12, no. 8, p. e0180866, Aug. 2017, doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0180866.


